A shared library for using Zod schemas on both the backend and the frontend

Schemas are stored in ./src/zodSchemas.ts. Here we can import the schemas generated by zod-prisma-types from the Prisma models (in backend/prisma/schema.prisma) and modify them if necessary for validating the data.

Additional constraints on fields and other custom validators can be applied to the models in the backend/prisma/schema.prisma file with rich comments (triple slashes ///). See the [zod-prisma-types docs](https://github.com/chrishoermann/zod-prisma-types#field-validators) for more info.

To update the generated schemas, run the genSchemas script in the backend directory. This runs `npx prisma generate` to generate the schemas, and then it uses the prettier plugin 'prettier-plugin-organize-imports' to automatically remove the unused prisma client import in ./src/generated/zod/index.ts. This is a work-around so we don't have to do it manually.

```
cd backend
npm run genSchemas
```

### Dependencies: 

- Zod


# Zod Schemas Shared Library

This shared library facilitates the use of Zod schemas seamlessly across both backend and frontend components of your project.

## Usage
Schemas are stored in `./src/zodSchemas.ts.` Here we can import the schemas generated by `zod-prisma-types` from Prisma models located in `backend/prisma/schema.prisma` and modify them if necessary.

Additional constraints on fields and other custom validators can be applied to the models in the `backend/prisma/schema.prisma` with rich comments (triple slashes `///`). Refer to the [zod-prisma-types docs](https://github.com/chrishoermann/zod-prisma-types#field-validators) for more info.


## Updating Schemas

To update the generated schemas, navigate to the backend directory and execute the following script:

```bash
npm run genSchemas
```

This script performs the following steps:

1. Runs `npx prisma generate` to update Prisma client and generate the schemas.
2. Utilizes the 'prettier-plugin-organize-imports' plugin to automatically remove the unused Prisma client import in ./src/generated/zod/index.ts, eliminating the need for manual intervention.

### Dependencies: 

- Zod



